Update Hybrid RC Liftspeed (#21659)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Change: [#7248] Small mini-maps are now centred in the map window.
- Change: [#20240] Heavy snow and blizzards now make guests buy and use umbrellas.
- Change: [#21214] Wacky Worlds and Time Twister’s scenario names now match their park names.

> - Change: [#21659] Up Hybrid Roller Coaster liftspeed to 11mph/17kmh.

Reviewer: What does this mean? The default lift speed? Please clarify the line.

> - Change: [#21659] Up Hybrid Roller Coaster liftspeed to 11mph/17kmh.

Author: > Up Hybrid Roller Coaster maximum liftspeed to 11mph/17kmh.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Change: [#21659] Increase the Hybrid Roller Coaster’s maximum lift speed to 17 km/h (11 mph).
```
